feat(thanos) update README (#652)
cloudoperators/greenhouse-extensions: thanos/README.md

  releaseNamespace: kube-monitoring
```

### Thanos Ruler

> To enable Thanos Ruler component creation (Thanos Ruler is disabled by default)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable Thanos Ruler component creation (Thanos Ruler is disabled by default) you have to set:
```

> To enable Thanos Ruler component creation (Thanos Ruler is disabled by default)

Reviewer: Can you add which functionality the Thanos Ruler adds to the whole scheme?

```yaml
spec:
  optionsValues:
  - name: thanos.ruler.enabled
    value: true
```

#### Configuration
##### Alertmanager
For Thanos Ruler to communicate with Alertmanager we need to enbale the approprite configuration and provide Plugin with secret/key names containing
necessary SSO key and certificate.

eg. of Plugin setup with Thanos Ruler using Alertmanager
```yaml
spec:
  optionsValues:
  - name: thanos.ruler.enabled
    value: true
  - name: thanos.ruler.alertmanagers.enabled
    value: true
  - name: thanos.ruler.alertmanagers.authentication.ssoCert
    valueFrom:
      secret:
        key: <keyName>
        name: <secretName>
  - name: thanos.ruler.alertmanagers.authentication.ssoKey
    valueFrom:
      secret:
        key: <keyName>

>         name: <secretName>

Reviewer: Please use $KEY_NAME and $SECRET_NAME to adapt to the style of the rest of this readme.

          - thanos-kube-2:10901
    ```

### Disable Individual Thanos Components
It is possible to disable certain Thanos components for your deployment. To do so add the necessary configuration to your Plugin (currently it is not possible to disable the query component)
```yaml
- name: thanos.store.enabled
  value: false
- name: thanos.compactor.enabled

>   value: false

Reviewer: Maybe we provide a table here?

| Thanos Component | enabled by default | deactivatable | flag |
| -- | -- | -- | -- | 
| Query | Yes | No | thanos.xyz.enabled |

5m: 777600s (90d)
1h: 157680000 (5y)
```

### Thanos ServiceMonitor

> To enable the creation of a ServiceMonitor for our Thanos components we can use the Thanos plugin configuration.

Reviewer: Add why you want to enable the smon for Thanos as a user.

> **NOTE**: you will have to provide the serviceMonitorSelector matchLabels of your prometheus instance. In the greenhouse context this should look like 'plugin: \<prometheusPluginName\>'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: You have to provide the serviceMonitorSelector matchLabels of your Prometheus instance. In the greenhouse context this should look like 'plugin: $PROMETHEUS_PLUGIN_NAME'
```
